Add a note (#37315)
vercel/next.js: docs/api-reference/next/link.md

`Link` accepts the following props:

> - `href` - The path or URL to navigate to. This is the only required prop. It can also be an object, see below  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `href` - The path or URL to navigate to. This is the only required prop. It can also be an object, see [example here](/docs/api-reference/next/link.md#with-url-object)  
```
